Helicopters have a speed limit that has nothing to do with the law
Unless calculated on the laws of physics
Hi that Dustin
Welcome to the smartest every day
I will say everything important about the motor when flying
But before we are serious, we have a lot of fun
Look! Air travel with Carl
(Sound Fan) is awesome!
(Sound fan)
(Excited scream)
(Laughter)
There
Well we'll be a hero by helicopter at night
(Sound fan)
(Music)
Have you seen that? See you soon
If you see on one side you see this really narrow radius of curvature
But on the other side you see a much larger radius of curvature. What is going on there?
Well so to explain the effects of this asymmetric travel of blades
I've fucked one up on a stick here, and I'll try, let's see if this works
There we go. So the blade of the drive come around
It moves relatively faster in the air to move the helicopter so you can
Add these two values ​​together, but the undo code, subtracts
The blade speed away from the air speed forward and that is the total close
Speed ​​the blade by air. This causes some funny things.
Well do the feathers and check things out. As the flies fly forward, the air
The sides of the plane flow. The code is also advancing
Travel forward until this adds to the air velocity of the rotor on this side
Now as long as the flight speed of the dizziness stays under the sound barrier you are fine.
But if a helicopter goes too fast it will create shock and shock shock waves
Damage to the bags. The decoding code sees the same airflow from vehicle movement
But because the blade is going in the opposite direction of that movement
The actual air speed of the rotor is lower. This creates the so-called
No homogeneity of lifting, and to counteract this rotor on the dip
The side is given more pitch to produce more elevator. This works up
To some extent, but if the helicopter goes very fast, the pitch becomes very large and
Losing a lift creates a so-called dip-procrastination code.
The cool thing about falling down badminton is that it's a self-correction problem. if you think
About this subject because of the balanced prism, if you have no homogeneity of the lift between the left
The right side of the plane, it will not roll a helicopter like you think it will, it
In fact he plays it. This is good news because it is as you fly along if you have a very fast
And you get the badminton fall back, and it will just slow the plane down automatically.
Well there are a lot of things that have not been included in this video series, but for the most part they must be
Way smarter than when we started on a helicopter. Smart enough actually where you can make learners
Guess which of these three helicopters is the fastest inventory of the US military.
While you are considering that please consider going to the Facebook page. I put all the pictures from
Nocturnal flights on them. Go download them, use them as wallpaper for your desktop, things like that. While I was there
Please like Facebook page. Also if you have ideas for the smartest rings every day in the future
Please tweet me, I would appreciate it, are the smartest YouTube.
It's been about a year since we started to get smarter every day. If you have ideas for a one year ring I have all ears ears.
OK. Rave enough. The answer is a Chinook. Is the fastest in the US military
Inventory. In Destin. You get smarter every day. I have a good idea.
(Music)
[Translated by Abdul Rahman Al Zaid MDMN1_]